# Tweet_Favourite_Quote

"Tweets a text quote as an image post on the twitter timeline."

These are python scripts that fetches any random famous quote from an online API, converts that text quote to an image and posts that image quote on the Twitter timeline as a tweet.

1. FavQuote.py script does the above stated job and posts on my twitter timeline (https://twitter.com/arkam1301). When you run that script you can see the output on my wall.

2. FavQuote_AnyUser.py script is like an app, that can be used by any user to to do this job on his own twitter timeline. This script uses OAuth to get the permission from the user to access and post on his timeline. 

# How to execute:
a. Run like an regular python script.

b. FavQuote.py opens up with a dialog box asking the formatting of the text and image of the post, customize the image or click cancel to set the default formatting. Note: Image quality would depend on the set of attributes selected.

c. FavQuote_AnyUser.py starts with getting the permission from the user to access his account wall. It generates a link on the terminal that the user has to open in the browser and authorize the app to grant permission to write /post on their timeline. A PIN will be generated by Twitter that the user has to enter in the terminal to complete this process. After granting the permission the program will work exactly like the FavQuote.py as earlier, only difference is that the image would be posted in the user's timeline.

Note : Whenever FavQuote_AnyUser.py is run, user has to repeat the authorization tast again and again, as ther is no local storage (file/database) added to the script. It would be added later.

# Pre-requisites
1. Python 3
2. Libraries/Packages : TwitterAPI, PIL, appJar, oauth2
